Why these gas prices keep playing with us? Ain't no way premium should cost like a whole meal
My grandma be saying if you sweep somebody feet they never get married. She stay with the old school warnings
They really put raisins in the potato salad at the cookout. Who raised y'all? 
Finna start my own hair business cause these salon prices are criminal. Who's with me?
That moment when you tryna sneak in the house late but them floorboards sing like gospel choir
Why my dog always act like he ain't been fed when my mom come over? The lies!
My auntie can turn any conversation into why you need to settle down. I just asked for the salt shaker
These mosquitoes out here treating me like an all-you-can-eat buffet. Somebody send calamine STAT
Who else grandma got that special spoon she only use for whoopin? That wooden one with the sharp edges
My car be making that noise like a dying robot when I turn left. Mechanic said "it's fine" but death ain't fine sir
Why these customer service robots always asking me to press 1,000 buttons then disconnect? Pure evil
That feeling when you beat the last boss after 50 tries. My thumbs need workers comp
Finna start gardening cause these store tomatoes taste like disappointment. Any tips?
My neighbor stay playing Luther Vandross at 3am. Sir I love "Never Too Much" but not THAT much
Why my baby pictures always got me looking like a confused potato? Ma why you let them dress me like that
They really charging $8 for avocado toast. That's half a week's lunch money back in the day
My cat be giving me that slow blink like "I tolerate you human". The disrespect
Who else momma got that one plastic-covered sofa nobody allowed to sit on? For display purposes only
Why my job schedule me for closing then opening? My sleep pattern lookin like abstract art
These new sneakers got me feeling like I'm walking on clouds. Worth every penny of that overtime money
My plants thriving since I started talking to them. Either that or they scared of my threats to toss 'em
Finna start learning ASL to talk to Ms. Davis next door. Her stories about the 60s are 
Why the bus always come early when you running late but late when you early? The universe playing chess
My cousin stay borrowing my clothes then acting brand new when I ask for them back. The audacity
That moment when you find $20 in last winter's coat. Found money hit different
Why these kids cartoons got more plot twists than my soap operas? Caught up in Bluey lore now
My grandma can predict rain better than the weather channel. Her knee be singing like Usher
Finna start meal prepping cause these takeout containers taking over my kitchen. Send recipes!
They really put pineapple on the pizza at the office party. We fighting at HR Monday
Why my charger only work when you twist it like a contortionist? Technology was a mistake
My dog be side-eyeing me when I eat anything. Sir you got your own food
That feeling when the beat drop and your soul leave your body. Music be spiritual sometimes
Why my job think "casual Friday" means wear slightly less uncomfortable clothes? Free the feet!
My auntie stay bringing over Tupperware full of mystery food. Today's gamble: smothered something
Finna start a petition for more benches at the bus stop. These heels wasn't made for standing
They really put glitter in the face wash. Who asked for sparkly pores? The devil
Why my phone autocorrect "ok" to "kill"? That's a whole different conversation
My plants drooping like they heard bad news. Watered them but now they being dramatic
That neighborhood cookout where everybody mama think they the best cook. Wars fought over potato salad recipes
Why the AC always breaking in August? Every year like clockwork. Satan's personal heater
My neighbor stay revving his motorcycle at 6am. Sir the factory called - they want their noise back
Finna start composting cause this food waste situation getting outta hand
They really charging extra for guacamole again. That's avocado robbery!
Why my texts always send as duplicates? I ain't that desperate for attention
My cat be knocking pens off desks like it's her career. Office supplies hate club president
That moment when you find the perfect hair product after 10 years of struggle. Holy grail status
Why the laundromat dryers always eating quarters? They hungry for coins and dreams
My grandma say if your palm itch money coming. My hands been itching since Tuesday - where my bag at?
Finna start a book club for Black romance novels. Need more love stories with us front and center
They really put raisins in the chicken salad. Who hurt you chef?
Why my laptop update when I'm tryna meet a deadline? Technology got zero chill
My dog be stealing socks like he getting commission. Laundry basket looking bare
That feeling when your braids finally come out. Scalp breathing like it just finished yoga
Why the fridge always loudest at 3am? Sounds like it's trying to summon demons
My cousin stay asking for relationship advice then doing the opposite. Can't save everybody
Finna start volunteering at the community garden. Need to get these thumbs green
They really canceled the block party last minute. The whole hood in mourning
Why my phone face ID work for everybody but me? Even the dog unlocked it somehow
My plants growing like they on steroids. Talk to your greens y'all - it works!
That moment when you cook a meal better than your mama. Take that secret to the grave though
Why the bus seats always sticky in summer? Feels like riding on flypaper
My auntie stay winning at bingo every week. Either lucky or hustling - jury's out
Finna start making my own soap. These store prices are ridiculous
They really put coconut in the curry. I'm allergic to betrayal Janet!
Why my texts always deliver late? Carrier pigeon would be faster
My cat be bringing leaves inside like they precious gifts. Thanks but the vacuum disagrees
That feeling when your song come on at the function. Body moving before the brain catch up
Why the grocery store music always depressing? Buying cereal shouldn't feel like a funeral
My grandma say if you drop a fork company coming. Dropped the whole set - prepare for invasion
Finna start a podcast about Black history in my city. Too many untold stories
They really out of mangoes again? The tropical fruit betrayal is real
Why my shoes always squeak in quiet places? Library sounding like a mouse rave
My dog be dreaming so hard his legs twitch. Chasing rabbits in his mind
That moment when you fix something with duct tape and hope. Engineering degree who?
Why the neighbor's rooster crow at noon? Sir your internal clock broken
My cousin stay posting thirst traps then complaining about DMs. The duality of man
Finna start canning my own vegetables. These store preservatives wildin
They really put marshmallows in the salad. That's not food that's a cry for help
Why my autocorrect change "duck" to...well you know. This phone got no filter
My plants got new growth like they showing off. Little green overachievers
That community garden harvest was everything! Ms. Johnson's collards healed my soul
Why the elevator always smell like old sandwiches? The mystery meat scent haunts me
My auntie stay trying to set me up with church folks. Ma'am I just came for communion
Finna start learning to quilt like my great-grandmama. Keep the traditions alive
They really charging for parking at the free clinic? The irony hurts
Why my laptop fan sound like a jet engine? Trying to take flight in the living room
My dog be howling at sirens like he backup vocals. Pitbull featuring Paw Patrol
That feeling when you find the perfect shade of foundation. Skin singing hallelujah
Why the streetlights always flickering on my block? Setting horror movie ambiance nightly
My grandma say if your nose itch somebody talking about you. My whole face been itchy - y'all obsessed
Finna start a Black-owned business directory for the city. Support the culture!
They really put cinnamon in the spaghetti sauce. This why potlucks dangerous
Why my phone only ring when I'm finally asleep? Conspiracy against rest
My cat be sitting on keyboards like she paying bills. Working from home struggle
That moment when you understand your parents' struggle music. Teddy Pendergrass just hit different at 30
Why the bodega cat judge my snack choices? Sir you eat mice - relax
My cousin stay using my Netflix then watching trash reality shows. My algorithm ruined
Finna start making my own seasonings. These store blends too salty for life
They really discontinued my favorite hot sauce. A moment of silence for the fallen
Why my texts go green when I know they got iPhone? The ultimate rejection
My plants survived my vacation against all odds. Resilient little green warriors
That neighborhood jazz fest had everybody outside dancing. Culture healing the block
Why the crosswalk buttons never work? Like pressing placebo buttons for hope
My auntie stay winning raffles. Suspiciously lucky if you ask me
Finna start archiving old family photos. Found my granddaddy's disco suit - legend!
They really put celery in the potato salad. Crime against humanity
Why my phone think I'm speaking Swahili? I said "tomorrow" not "tembo"
My dog be stealing my spot on the couch soon as I get up. Calculated disrespect
That feeling when the DJ plays your song request. Power to the people!
Why the coffee always weak on Monday mornings? Corporate sabotage I swear
My grandma say if your ear itch somebody speaking truth. Both ears burning - speak up y'all
Finna start a mentorship program for Black youth. Our babies need more guides
They really charging $10 for airport water. That's hydration robbery!
Why my keyboard repeating letters? Wwwhyy tthho?
My cat be knocking over water glasses like it's her job. Hydration prevention specialist
That moment you realize your parents were cooler than you. Daddy's afro was legendary
Why the park sprinklers always on when I walk by? Personal vendetta from the water gods
My cousin stay borrowing my charger then acting brand new. Energy vampire behavior
Finna start growing my own herbs. These store prices for basil are ridiculous
They really put sugar in the cornbread. Not in my mama's kitchen!
Why my face ID work with bedhead and pajamas but not when I'm dressed up? Technology racist
My plants flowering like they showing out for summer. Petals popping!
That community cleanup day changed the whole block's vibe. Pride feels good
Why the gym music always country when Black folks walk in? Suspicious timing
My auntie stay giving parenting advice with no kids. Theoretical expertise
Finna start recording oral histories with the elders. Ms. Ethel's stories about the bus boycotts? Gold
They really put beets in the brownies. This why I don't trust potlucks
Why my phone only charge to 80%? Commitment issues
My dog be tilting his head at TikTok sounds. Canine music critic
That feeling when your natural hair cooperates. Crown shining like it knows its power
Why the elevator always stop on empty floors? Ghosts going to work?
My grandma say if your foot itch you gonna walk to new places. Both feet itching - prepare for journeys
Finna start a co-op for Black farmers. Food sovereignty is freedom
They really put olives in the mac and cheese. I need to lie down
Why my autocorrect change "see" to "sea"? We not talking oceans here
My cat be bringing in "gifts" of dead insects. Thanks but no thanks
That moment when you cook a recipe perfect on the first try. Ancestors were guiding my hands
Why the bus driver skip my stop? Saw me running and kept going - villain origin story
My cousin stay using my skincare products. That retinol cream costs more than your car note sir
Finna start making my own candles. These store ones smell like regret
They really put kale in the smoothie without warning. Taste betrayal
Why my laptop trackpad have attitude? Cursor moving like it's got places to be
My plants got names and personalities now. Harold the pothos is sassy
That block party DJ had us dancing till sunrise. Hips don't lie and neither do sore feet
Why the street always under construction? Perpetual orange cone season
My auntie stay knitting sweaters for everybody's babies. Our future is warm
Finna start a Black genealogy group. Reconnecting roots one document at a time
They really put raisins in the stuffing. Thanksgiving foul play
Why my phone suggest I "take a break"? I'm grown!
My dog be sighing loud like he pays rent. Dramatic king
That feeling when you find your twin in an old photo. Genetics showing off
Why the shower pressure weak as heck today? Drizzling like it's scared of commitment
My grandma say if a bird taps your window news is coming. Cardinal been tapping all week - prepare
Finna start a tool library for the hood. Why everybody need their own drill?
They really put cilantro in the lemonade. This why I bring my own drinks
Why my keyboard shortcuts stop working? Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V in shambles
My cat be sleeping in the sink like it's a luxury bed. Five-star hotel energy
That moment you hear your childhood song on the radio. Instant time travel
Why the neighbor's TV always loud during my nap? Soap opera wars at 2pm
My cousin stay asking for money then posting vacation pics. Financial witchcraft
Finna start beekeeping. Need that local honey for allergies and bragging rights
They really put broccoli in the cheese dip. This why we can't have nice things
Why my phone storage always full? I delete stuff daily - digital hoarding
My plants need repotting like they outgrew their dreams. Green ambition!
That community mural telling our history got me emotional. Art speaks truth
Why the gym AC always broken in summer? Sauna sessions ain't optional
My auntie stay remembering everybody birthdays. Human calendar with soul
Finna start archiving Black newspapers from the 60s. History shouldn't be forgotten
They really put tofu in the gumbo. I'm calling the police
Why my touchscreen not touching? Screen on strike
My dog be stealing my snacks then looking innocent. Master manipulator
That feeling when you get compliments on your locs. Crown appreciation feels divine
Why the bus seats so hard? Spinal compression therapy included
My grandma say if your left hand itch you gonna give money. Both hands itching - universe send me my bag!
Finna start a repair cafe for the neighborhood. Fixing toasters and building community
They really put zucchini in the chocolate cake. Vegetable infiltration continues
Why my phone battery drain faster when I'm out? Social anxiety but for electronics
My cat be watching birds like it's Netflix. Nature documentary daily
That moment when you realize your parents' music was fire. Cameo bumping in the whip now
Why the crosswalk countdown so fast? Ain't nobody Usain Bolt
My cousin stay late for everything including her own birthday. Chronically tardy queen
Finna start making my own yogurt. Store brands too sugary
They really put peas in the fried rice. Inauthentic behavior
Why my laptop screen flicker like a disco? Tech rave without me
My plants thriving despite my neglect. Resilient kings and queens
That neighborhood talent show had babies popping like James Brown. Future stars!
Why the park bathroom always out of soap? Suspiciously missing
My auntie stay knowing the best thrift stores. Vintage queen
Finna start documenting local Black architecture. These buildings got stories
They really put sweet potatoes in the chili. Fusion confusion
Why my autocorrect change "work" to "worm"? Whole different vibe
My dog be protecting me from the vacuum cleaner. Fierce defender against appliances
That feeling when you perfect your grandma's cornbread recipe. Generational magic in every bite
Why the elevator music so depressing? Sounds like it's giving up on life
My grandma say if you spill salt throw some over your shoulder. Been seasoning the kitchen all week
Finna start a Black film club. We need more analysis of our stories
They really put mushrooms in the barbecue sauce. Treason at the cookout
Why my phone think I'm in Timbuktu? GPS got identity issues
My cat be knocking over plants like it's her hobby. Indoor tornado
That moment when you find your old mixtapes. 2006 was a different time
Why the laundromat washer always unbalanced? Sounds like a rocket launch
My cousin stay borrowing my books then dog-earing pages. Library criminal
Finna start growing lavender. Need that calm energy in life
They really put radishes in the tacos. Why you so extra Karen?
Why my laptop always update when I'm presenting? Corporate sabotage is real
My plants got new leaves unfurling like blessings. Green growth!
That community choir rehearsal healed something in me. Voices like angels
Why the bus windows always stuck open in winter? Arctic expedition daily
My auntie stay winning at dominoes. Queen of bones!
Finna start preserving family recipes in a book. Great-grandma's gumbo deserves immortality
They really put green beans in the lasagna. Vegetable mafia strikes again
Why my touchscreen ghost touching? Phantom finger syndrome
My dog be sneaking onto the bed like a ninja. Stealth cuddler
That feeling when your twist-out comes out perfect. Hair victory dance initiated
Why the neighbor's car alarm always go off at 3am? Security system needs security
My grandma say if you dream of fish prosperity coming. Been dreaming of catfish all week - show me the money!
Finna start a Black poetry night. Voices need to be heard
They really put eggshells in the compost. Overachiever alert
Why my phone autocorrect "home" to "homicide"? Dark technology
My cat be sitting on newspapers like she reading. Educated queen
That moment you hear a song your parents danced to. Love legacy in every note
Why the gym weights always missing? Iron thieves in our midst
My cousin stay taking selfies with my phone. Gallery full of her angles
Finna start making homemade jam. Strawberry season blessings
They really put lentils in the meatloaf. This why I don't trust vegetarian cousins
Why my laptop trackpad click so loud? Sounds like a tiny judge gaveling disapproval
My plants survived the heatwave. Desert warriors in plant form
That block association meeting had us solving world problems. Power to the people!
Why the park fountain always off? Dry disappointment
My auntie stay feeding the neighborhood cats. Feline ambassador
Finna start documenting Black veterans' stories. Heroes walk among us
They really put artichokes in the potato salad. International incident
Why my phone send messages to wrong people? Digital chaos agent
My dog be howling at the moon like he got werewolf ancestry. Spooky king
That feeling when your afro picks perfectly. Roundness achieved!
Why the bus driver wave when he ain't stopping? Psychological warfare
My grandma say if you find a penny heads up luck is coming. Pockets full of hope
Finna start a community fridge. Nobody hungry on our watch
They really put cauliflower in the mac and cheese. This why we need food police
Why my keyboard backlight change colors randomly? Disco mode activated
My cat be bringing me hair ties like offerings. Goddess tribute
That moment when you hear your childhood nickname. Instant regression
Why the neighbor's kids always playing basketball at dawn? Future NBA stars in training
