Why y'all ain't tell me the party got moved? I showed up lookin crazy
Finna try this new recipe my grandma sent me
Y'all see how that dog be side-eyeing the mailman? I'm weak!
Ain't nobody got time for these long lines at the DMV fr
My phone stay dying at 20% like it got a death wish
She been had that same hairstyle since 2012 I'm crying
Why these prices be higher every time I come in here?
Just copped these fresh kicks with my tax refund 
My auntie be knowing everybody business in the neighborhood
Who forgot to turn off the oven? The whole house smell like burnt toast
That new track by Mereba got me in my feels today
Why you ain't answer when I called you three times?
My plants be thriving since I moved 'em near the window 
They really put raisins in the potato salad? Can't trust nobody
Finna take a nap cause this Monday already too much
Why the bus always late when it's raining? Make it make sense
My little brother stay eating all my snacks then denying it
That episode had me cry-laughing so hard my stomach hurt
Ain't seen my high school crew in forever - we need to link
Who left the TV on in the empty living room? Ghosts?
My nails came out so fire this time 
Why the wifi always acting up when I'm tryna stream?
She been known how he really is but stayed anyway
Just saw three generations braiding hair on the porch 
These mosquitoes out here like they paying rent
Who forgot the chicken marinating in the fridge? Smh
Finna start my garden now that spring finally here
Why my charger only work when you bend it sideways?
My granny say if you sneeze without blessing somebody lying
Ain't nobody asked for your opinion on my hair tho
That sunset look like God went crazy with the paintbrush 🌅
Why the AC always breaking in August? Every single year
My dog be judging me when I eat junk food I swear
They really put pineapple on the pizza? We can't be friends
Who used all the hot water before my shower?
Finna support my cousin's pop-up shop this weekend
Why these kids always loudest when you on the phone?
My plants drooping like they heard bad news 
She been working overtime trying to get that promotion
Ain't no way I'm paying $8 for avocado toast
That new series got me hooked after one episode
Why the elevator always smell like somebody's lunch?
My neighbor stay playing old school R&B on Saturdays
Who ate the last slice of cake? I know you hear me
Finna learn how to do my own braids this summer
Why my phone always autocorrecting to nonsense?
My cat be knocking stuff off tables just for attention
They really out here charging for sauce packets? Nah
Ain't no sleep happening with this full moon tonight
That thrift store find was a major come up 
Why the washing machine sound like a helicopter?
My auntie stay giving relationship advice she ain't follow
Who forgot to put the leftovers away? Whole fridge funky
Finna start meal prepping cause takeout breaking me
Why these shoes squeaking like I'm a cartoon character?
My plants perked up after that rain like they got paid
She been trying to beat that video game for months
Ain't no way I'm wearing heels on this cobblestone
That new tea spot became my spot quick! #Obsessed
Why the neighbor's rooster crowing at 3pm? Confused bird
My dog be stealing socks like he getting paid commission
They really put glitter in the lotion? Who asked for this?
Who used my good towel to clean up spills? 🤬
Finna start my book club since Barnes & Noble closed
Why my charger only work in one specific position?
My granny say if your palm itch money coming soon
Ain't got the energy for these people today fr
That mural downtown got me stopping every time I pass
Why the printer always jamming when you in a rush?
My cousin stay borrowing my clothes without asking
They really ran out of waffle cones? Tragedy!
Who left the fridge open? Electricity ain't free
Finna start doing yoga cause my back been aching
Why these birds chirping like they got a meeting at 5am?
My succulents thriving on neglect like they rebellious
She been saving for that trip to Ghana for years
Ain't no way that's your natural hair color but okay
That new brunch spot worth the 2-hour wait? Discuss.
Why the TV volume only work on level 20 or 100?
My cat be bringing "gifts" to the doorstep 
They really put cinnamon in the chili? Interesting choice
Who finished the coffee without making more? Criminal
Finna start a podcast about neighborhood history
Why my phone think I'm speaking another language?
My granny say if your ears burning somebody talking
Ain't got time for these mixed signals boo
That moon tonight look like a giant pearl 
Why the bus driver always skipping my stop?
My dog be snoring louder than my grandpa
They really charging extra for guac? Again?
Who used my good shears for paper? Now they dull!
Finna start composting cause this waste ridiculous
Why these squirrels always staring like they know me
My plants got new growth like they showing off
She been practicing her braiding skills on mannequins
Ain't no way I'm driving in this hail storm
That new vegan spot changed the game for real
Why the AC blowing hot air in July? Cruel joke
My neighbor stay grilling every Sunday smell amazing
They really put celery in the potato salad? Ruined!
Who left the lights on in the whole house?
Finna start journaling cause my thoughts too loud
Why my phone only ring when I'm finally asleep?
My cat be knocking over water glasses on purpose
She been collecting vintage hats since forever
Ain't nobody asked for your two cents Karen
That thunderstorm got me curled up with tea ☕
Why the wifi password always changing? 
My cousin stay taking fire pics with my phone
They really out of mangoes again? Heartbroken
Who ate the last of my ice cream? We got beef
Finna start volunteering at the community garden
Why these shoes rubbing my heels raw today?
My monstera putting out new leaves like it's spring break
She been saving all her tips for new tattoos
Ain't no way that's the last bus already
That new art installation got people talking downtown
Why the elevator always stopping on empty floors?
My dog be licking his paws like it's his job
They really charging $5 for bottled water? Robbery
Who forgot to put the trash out? Whole block stank
Finna start learning ASL to talk to Ms. Davis
Why my texts always sending as duplicates?
My granny say if your nose itch company coming
Ain't got patience for this slow cashier today
That double rainbow had everybody outside pointing
Why the train tracks always noisy at midnight?
My auntie stay winning at bingo every week
They really put sugar in the cornbread? Not in this house
Who used my fabric scissors on cardboard? War declared
Finna start a TikTok for my baking experiments
Why these birds having full arguments outside?
My snake plant growing sideways like it rebelling
She been studying herbal remedies since summer
Ain't no way I'm wearing that itchy sweater
That new tea blend got me feeling zen
Why the shower pressure weak as heck today?
My cat be sitting on keyboards during Zoom calls
They really canceled the festival last minute? Pain
Who left the car windows down? Seats soaked!
Finna start making my own soap to save money
Why my phone autocorrecting "hey" to "hell"?
My granny say if you drop a fork company coming
Ain't got words for how tired I am
That lightning show better than fireworks tonight
Why the store music always loudest in mornings?
My dog be howling at sirens like he on duty
They really put coconut in the curry? I'm out
Who borrowed my charger and didn't return it?
Finna start a compost bin for these peels
Why these squirrels digging up my plants?
My pothos growing like it's on steroids
She been perfecting her pound cake recipe
Ain't no way that meeting couldn't be email
That new soul food spot opening soon? Blessed
Why the ice maker always clumping together?
My neighbor stay feeding stray cats on porch
They really put marshmallows in the salad? Madness
Who used all the tape? Roll empty!
Finna start meditating cause this stress real
Why my laptop updating when I need it most?
My granny say if a bee enters house visitor coming
Ain't got the spoons for this conversation
That harvest moon got the whole block outside
Why the laundromat dryers always taking quarters?
My dog be hiding bones in the couch cushions
They really charging for extra sauce? Foh
Who left the milk out? Whole gallon spoiled
Finna start a neighborhood watch group
Why these pigeons always blocking the sidewalk?
My aloe vera plant having babies like crazy
She been collecting vinyl records since '08
Ain't no way I'm paying that overdraft fee
That community mural coming along beautiful
Why the bus seats always sticky in summer?
My auntie stay winning raffles all the time
They really put grapes in the chicken salad? Suspicious
Who used the last tea bag? Karma coming
Finna start a book swap at the park
Why my phone face-recognizing random objects?
My granny say if your left foot itch you'll walk
Ain't got tolerance for foolishness today
That meteor shower got me outside at 3am
Why the grocery carts always got wobbly wheels?
My cat be bringing leaves inside like gifts
They really discontinued my favorite chips? Grief
Who left the garage door open all night?
Finna start canning my garden tomatoes
Why these crows always gathering at sunset?
My spider plant making so many babies
She been growing her locs for ten years strong
Ain't no way that's the last slice
That jazz festival lineup got me hype!
Why the streetlights always flickering?
My dog be dreaming loud about chasing rabbits
They really put kale in the smoothie? Pass
Who used my favorite mug and chipped it?
Finna start a YouTube channel for DIYs
Why my autocorrect changing "duck" to...you know
My granny say if a bird taps window news coming
Ain't got the bandwidth for this mess
That lightning made the whole sky flash blue
Why the park sprinklers always on when I walk?
My neighbor stay fixing bikes in his driveway
They really put beets in the brownies? Treason
Who finished the honey? Jar empty!
Finna start making my own seasonings
Why these ants always find the sugar?
My peace lily blooming like it's showing off
She been teaching herself guitar since lockdown
Ain't no way I'm missing the cookout
That new soul vinyl I copped sounds heavenly
Why the shower drain always clogging?
My cat be knocking pens off desks constantly
They really charging for parking now? Outrageous
Who borrowed my headphones? I hear static
Finna start a petition for more bus routes
Why my phone suggesting weird emoji combos?
My granny say if you spill salt throw some over
Ain't got the heart to tell him it's ugly
That full moon got the whole block restless
Why the bodega cat always judging purchases?
My dog be sighing loud like he pays bills
They really put cilantro in the lemonade? No ma'am
Who left the stove on? Knob still warm!
Finna start growing my own herbs
Why these raccoons always in the trash?
My rubber tree plant growing tall as me
She been documenting family recipes for years
Ain't no way that line moving that slow
That community garden harvest was plentiful
Why the crosswalk button never working?
My auntie stay knowing the best sales
They really put raisins in the stuffing? Unforgivable
Who used the last of my body butter?
Finna start a carpool group for work
Why my keyboard repeating letters randomly?
My granny say if your right hand itch money coming
Ain't got the words for this beauty tonight
That thunder rattling the windows like crazy
Why the street always under construction?
My cat be sitting on newspapers like he reading
They really discontinued that show? Heartbroken
Who left the garden hose running? Flooded!
Finna start making homemade jam
Why these squirrels so bold this year?
My fern unfurling new fronds daily
She been saving for a food truck business
Ain't no way that price is right
That gospel brunch had everybody on their feet
Why the elevator music always depressing?
My neighbor stay sharing her tomato harvest
They really put mayo in the fruit salad? Crime
Who used my last tea bag? Kettle's on
Finna start a neighborhood clean-up crew
Why my phone suggesting I "take a break"?
My granny say if a ladybug lands on you luck
Ain't got time for this traffic today
That lightning split the sky like a zipper
Why the bus always crowded on rainy days?
My dog be tilting his head at TikTok sounds
They really charging $10 for airport water? Evil
Who borrowed my umbrella and didn't return?
Finna start a compost pile for this waste
Why these birds copying my ringtone?
